Image Prediction AI/ML Project with ImageAI
Welcome to the Image Prediction AI/ML project using ImageAI! In this project, we'll explore the exciting world of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) by building a simple image prediction model.

Introduction
Have you ever wondered how computers can "see" and identify objects in images? This project will take you on a journey into the realms of AI and ML, unraveling their basic concepts and showing you how to create your own image prediction model.

Getting Started
Prerequisites
Before you begin, make sure you have the following:

Python: Basic knowledge of Python programming.
ImageAI Library: Install it using pip install imageai.
Images: Gather the images you want to perform predictions on.
Objectives
By the end of this project, you will:

Understand the basics of AI and ML.
Use ImageAI's pre-trained models for image prediction.
Interpret predictions and probabilities generated by the model.
Usage
Follow these simple steps to create your image prediction model:

Import necessary libraries and set the execution path:

python
Copy code
from imageai.Classification import ImageClassification
import os

execution_path = os.getcwd()
Choose your desired algorithm and load the model:

python
Copy code
prediction = ImageClassification()
prediction.setModelTypeAsDenseNet121()  # Choose your algorithm here
prediction.setModelPath(os.path.join(execution_path, "model_file.pth"))  # Path to the model file
prediction.loadModel()
Perform image prediction:

Replace "house.jpg" with the path to the image you want to predict.

python
Copy code
predictions, probabilities = prediction.classifyImage(os.path.join(execution_path, "house.jpg"), result_count=5)

for eachPrediction, eachProbability in zip(predictions, probabilities):
    print(eachPrediction, " : ", eachProbability)
Get Started Now!
